feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553995f412dd8122ed38e4a.md

---
id: 6553995f412dd8122ed38e4a
title: Step 40
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-40
---

# --description--

> Another kind of conditional statement is the `else` statement. It is used in combination with an `if` statement to alternatively execute code when the `if` condition is not met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conditional statement can also have an `else` clause. This clause can be added to the end of an `if` statement to execute alternative code if the condition is false:
```

Reviewer: I would suggest rephrasing this line to refer to `else` as a clause.

```py
if condition:
    <code>
else:
    <code>
```

As you can see in your output, when the loop iterations reach the space, a space is added to the encrypted string. Then the code outside the `if` block executes and a `c` is added to the encrypted string.

> To fix it, add an `else` statement after `encrypted_text += char` and indent all the subsequent lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix it, add an `else` clause after `encrypted_text += char` and indent all the subsequent lines of code.
```

# --hints--

> You should create an `else` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create an `else` clause.
```

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /else\s*:/) })
```

> You should indent the lines after your `else` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should indent the lines of code after your `else` clause.
```
